Where's the Gamer tag? What's the name?
YBK Super Luffy Killer?
We are going to talk about this afterwards with Santarou..
Luffy, where are you at? Where you at son?!
Hmm... That's kinda boring...
Should I say something to make all the stream monsters mad at me?
if so...
Random person: "That's a good one"
I think this happened right after Luffy became the EVO 2014 champion
On Twitter, I mentioned that Sagat has advantage over Rose
And Luffy said, "No way Rose has the advantage"
At first, it was just a joke. I tweeted something like "if you are so confident with what you said , put all the money you got from EVO on the line"
Black eye's Nemo was amused with this and started sending little translations over to Luffy
In my opinion, I will probably win 85 or 90 percent of the time.
Why's that?
I am just stronger then him
His heart is crushed
Santarou's way too strong
I am really appreciative of all the people who helped me. A lot of them usually don't even use Rose but they really helped me out.
Everyday they helped me train.
Again, thanks to all of you.
I'm definitely going to kick Luffy's ass
"Hell no! How can you beat me? You got your ass handed to you by Itazan!"
Hey Luffy, is this yours?
DON'T RUN AWAY LITTLE BOY